Hi everyone, my name is Fernando Medina Corey,
and welcome to my AWS Developer course, An Introduction to AWS Lambda.
I'm a data engineer at Curalate. At work, I frequently turn
to Lambda to keep data pipelines flowing and providing
insights to company stakeholders.
AWS Lamba is the industry leader in the serverless function space.
This course is a quick introduction to AWS Lambda and
serverless functions more generally. No prior experience with
AWS or serverless functions is required.
Some of the major topics that we'll cover include integrating Lambda with
third‑party APIs, leveraging other AWS services within Lambda, using the
AWS CLI to deploy our Lambda functions, and knowing when AWS Lambda is
suited to our development needs.
By the end of this course,
you'll know how to develop and deploy your own Lambda functions. Before
beginning the course, you should be familiar with basic programming concepts
and preferably have written some code in Python.
Being familiar with Bash or the command line will also be helpful.
From here,
you should feel comfortable diving into serverless application
development with courses on the AWS API Gateway, using Lambda to manage
ETL workloads, and other AWS introductory courses.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn AWS Lambda with the AWS Developer: An Introduction to Lambda course, here at Pluralsight.